Flexbox Notes - frm Flexbox Froggy

1. justify-content (default : flex-start)
    flex-start: Items align to the left side of the container.
    flex-end: Items align to the right side of the container.
    center: Items align at the center of the container.
    space-between: Items display with equal spacing between them.
    space-around: Items display with equal spacing around them.
    space-evenly: 

2. align-items (default : stretch)
    flex-start: Items align to the top of the container.
    flex-end: Items align to the bottom of the container.
    center: Items align at the vertical center of the container.
    baseline: Items display at the baseline of the container.
    stretch: Items are stretched to fit the container.

3. flex-direction : (default : row)
    This CSS property defines the direction items are placed in the container, and accepts the following values:-
        row: Items are placed the same as the text direction.
        row-reverse: Items are placed opposite to the text direction.
        column: Items are placed top to bottom.
        column-reverse: Items are placed bottom to top.

4. order : (<integer> (... -1, 0 (default), 1, ...)
    items have a value of 0, but we can use this property to also set it to a positive or negative integer value (-2, -1, 0, 1, 2)

5. align-self
    Aligns a flex item along the cross axis, overriding the align-items value. This property accepts the same values as align-items and its value for the specific item:-
        flex-start 
        flex-end 
        center 
        baseline 
        stretch

6. flex-wrap: (default : nowrap)
    Specifies whether flex items are forced on a single line or can be wrapped on multiple lines.
        nowrap: Every item is fit to a single line.
        wrap: Items wrap around to additional lines.
        wrap-reverse: Items wrap around to additional lines in reverse.

7. flex-flow : (default : nowrap)
    The two properties flex-direction and flex-wrap are used so often together that the shorthand property flex-flow was created to combine them. This shorthand property accepts the value of the two properties separated by a space.
    For example, you can use flex-flow: row wrap to set rows and wrap them.
        flex-flow: column wrap;

8. align-content : (default : stretch)
    Aligns a flex container's lines within the flex container when there is extra space on the cross-axis.
    When there is only one line, align-content has no effect.
    align-content determines the spacing between lines, while align-items determines how the items as a whole are aligned within the container. 
        flex-start: Lines are packed at the top of the container.
        flex-end: Lines are packed at the bottom of the container.
        center: Lines are packed at the vertical center of the container.
        space-between: Lines display with equal spacing between them.
        space-around: Lines display with equal spacing around them.
        stretch: Lines are stretched to fit the container.

Questions
1. How to center a div?
Ans.
{
    display: flex;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
}

2. Difference between align-content and align-items?
Ans.  align-content determines the spacing between lines, while align-items determines how the items as a whole are aligned within the container.   